<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Chapter 2: The Land's Whisper</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/style.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/media.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="chapter-2" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents chapters-separate-number-and-title">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-upper"><span class="ttext">2</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-upper font-variant-normal"><span class="ttext">THE LAND'S WHISPER</span></h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-2-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-d"><span class="first-letter first-letter-d first-letter-without-punctuation">D</span>awn broke over Sedona, casting the red rocks in hues of soft pink and gold. Angelica climbed a familiar trail, her breath visible in the crisp winter air. Each step up the frost-dusted path was accompanied by the clink of her bag, filled with the failed enchantments that now felt like silent accusations. Early hikers passed her, wearing bright scarves and carrying steaming mugs of hot chocolate, their cheerful greetings contrasting sharply with the unease simmering in her chest.</p>
      <p class="subsq">At the vortex site nestled between towering rock formations, Angelica paused. Usually, this spot thrummed with energy so palpable even tourists could sense it. But today, it felt wrong. The desert plants that normally sparkled with frost appeared coated in a dull, grayish rime. Silence hung heavy, punctuated only by the occasional rustle of wind through the sparse juniper.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Thought I might find you here.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica turned at the sound of Moira's voice, her heart skipping. Moira emerged from behind a piñon pine, her copper hair catching the morning light. Dirt smudged her ranger uniform, and the concern in her green eyes made Angelica's magic hum in response.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Trail maintenance?&quot; Angelica asked, trying to ignore how the light played across Moira’s features, accentuating freckles like constellations.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;That, and checking on the wildlife.&quot; Moira gestured to a cluster of ocotillo, their usually proud stems drooping toward the earth despite recent rains. &quot;The mule deer have changed their route. They won't come near this place anymore. And look at this.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">She led Angelica to a patch of bare earth, where crystalline formations usually amplified the vortex's energy. Now, they appeared clouded, like mirrors fogged by breath.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica pulled out a moonstone necklace, one of her strongest enchantments, and laid it against the clouded crystal. It remained dull, inert. &quot;It's as if the magic has just... evaporated.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;The land feels...&quot; Moira paused, searching for words. &quot;Like it's holding its breath.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Nearby, a group of early-morning hikers shared notes of disappointment. &quot;The vortex energy's supposed to be amazing here,&quot; one remarked. &quot;Maybe Flagstaff would be better for holiday lights this year.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica winced at their words. Movement in the corner of her eye drew her attention—a spot of vibrant green against the muted landscape. She knelt beside a small desert marigold blooming improbably in the shadow of a rock, its petals vibrant and alive.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;That's one of Brenda's markers,&quot; Moira noted quietly. &quot;She plants them to monitor the land's health.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;But how is it thriving when everything else is fading?&quot; Angelica touched the flower’s leaves, feeling a pulse of eco-magic—different from her own craft, yet undeniably potent.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Maybe that's what you should ask her.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica's hand fell away. &quot;Brenda Knight? She's been warning about magical depletion for months. She'll just say 'I told you so.'&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Perhaps,&quot; Moira said, crouching beside her. The morning light illuminated her face, and Angelica found herself drawn to the warmth in Moira's gaze. &quot;But she might also have answers we need.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Their eyes met, and Angelica felt a current pass between them, unspoken yet deeply felt. Moira's steady presence was both grounding and comforting, a reminder that not all magic needed to be wielded alone.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Do you know where to find her?&quot; Angelica asked, breaking the moment before it overwhelmed her.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Sacred Earth Botanicals. She tends her plants at sunrise,&quot; Moira replied, then hesitated. &quot;Would you like some company?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica started to refuse—this was her problem to solve—but something in Moira’s gaze made her reconsider. &quot;Actually... yes. I think I could use a ranger’s perspective.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">They descended the trail together, their shoulders occasionally brushing.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Behind them, the vortex site lay quiet, its ancient energies ebbing like a tide drawn too far out. But ahead, through the winter-brushed desert, a path led toward answers—even if they came from the last person Angelica wanted to confront. At least this time, she wouldn’t face them alone.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
