<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<html xml:lang="en" epub:prefix="z3998: http://www.daisy.org/z3998/2012/vocab/structure/" xmlns:epub="http://www.idpf.org/2007/ops" xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" lang="en">
<head>
  <title>Chapter 1: The Fading Enchantment</title>
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/style.css" />
  <link rel="stylesheet"
        type="text/css"
        href="css/media.css" />
</head>
<body>
  <div id="chapter-1" class="element element-bodymatter element-container-single element-type-chapter element-with-heading" role="doc-chapter" epub:type="chapter">
    <div class="heading heading-container-single heading-size-full heading-format-full heading-alignment-flexible heading-without-image">
      <div class="heading-contents chapters-separate-number-and-title">
        <div class="title-subtitle-block title-block-with-element-number">
          <div class="element-number-block">
            <div class="element-number case-upper"><span class="ttext">1</span></div>
          </div>
          <div class="title-block">
            <h1 class="element-title case-upper font-variant-normal"><span class="ttext">THE FADING ENCHANTMENT</span></h1>
          </div>
        </div>
      </div>
    </div>
    <div class="text" id="chapter-1-text">
      <p class="first first-in-chapter first-full-width first-with-first-letter-a"><span class="first-letter first-letter-a first-letter-without-punctuation">A</span>s the winter evening settled over Sedona, Desert Star Enchantments glowed like a warm ember against the chilled December air. Strings of luminarias traced the cobblestone path outside, casting a soft, flickering light that usually enhanced the magic within. Tonight, however, the enchanted snowflake ornaments in the window seemed to dim, their light waning like watercolor bleeding at the edges.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Inside, Angelica Cho adjusted her round glasses and inhaled the shop’s usual blend of piñon pine and cinnamon—a scent that typically brought her comfort, yet today felt off. Her grandmother’s words echoed in her mind as she arranged a display of crystal necklaces: &quot;Magic isn’t just about spells, mi amor. It’s about listening to the land, feeling its rhythms.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Beyond the window, the red rocks of Sedona caught the last glow of sunset, their ancient faces painted in hues of orange and deep purple. Clusters of tourists wandered past, their holiday shopping bags rustling as they admired the shop window. Angelica touched her grandmother’s silver bracelet, its warmth a reminder of decades of magic and love, just as another string of fairy lights flickered irregularly.</p>
      <p class="subsq">Movement outside caught her attention. Moira Rousseau was on her evening ranger patrol, her copper hair catching the glow of the luminarias. Their eyes met through the glass, and Angelica’s cheeks warmed as she remembered Moira’s help in gathering herbs the previous full moon, her uncanny ability to find the strongest plants.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The shop bell chimed as Mrs. Alvarez exited, its usual bright tone slightly flat. Through the window, Angelica noticed other shopkeepers examining their holiday displays with worried frowns. Even the luminarias lining the walkway seemed dimmer than usual.</p>
      <p class="subsq">A murmur of voices drew her attention back to her remaining customers:</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;My ornament isn't glowing like it did last year.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;The candle I bought smells nice, but it’s not filling the room with that cozy feeling you promised.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;The protection charm for my car... I got a flat tire yesterday.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Each complaint weighed on Angelica’s shoulders. The fairy lights dimmed further, as if responding to her distress. Even the crystals in the display case, typically gleaming with inner fire, seemed to dull before her eyes.</p>
      <p class="subsq">The door chimed again, and Moira stepped inside, bringing with her the crisp scent of piñon pine and desert air. Her presence carried a grounding energy, like the steady strength of Sedona’s red rocks after sunset.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Everything okay?&quot; Moira asked, her green eyes scanning the shop with the same careful attention she gave to her beloved trails. &quot;The 'Back Soon' sign was up, but the door was unlocked.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica forced a laugh, brushing her hands on her apron. &quot;You know me—just puzzling over some holiday mysteries.&quot; She touched the lifeless moonstone at her throat, aware of how Moira’s presence made her skin tingle in a way that had nothing to do with magic. &quot;But I'm fine, really.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Moira’s expression shifted to concern as she noticed the dimming fairy lights. &quot;The trails have been quiet lately. Too quiet. Even the mule deer changed their usual route.&quot; She moved closer to the counter, her presence steady and grounding. &quot;Something's different out there.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Different how?&quot; Angelica asked, trying to ignore how her magic hummed in response to Moira’s nearness.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;It's like...&quot; Moira gestured to the window, where the red rocks were fading into twilight shadows. &quot;Like the land is holding its breath.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">The words struck uncomfortably close to what Angelica had been feeling all week. She touched her grandmother’s bracelet again, drawing comfort from its familiar warmth. &quot;I'm sure it's nothing serious. Just a temporary magical fluctuation.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;Maybe.&quot; Moira's green eyes held Angelica's for a moment longer than necessary. &quot;But if you want another perspective, you might want to talk to Brenda Knight. She's been warning about magical depletion for months.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Angelica bristled at the mention of the eco-witch. &quot;Brenda thinks everything we do is wrong. She'd have us abandon all traditional magic and just... what? Hug trees?&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;She understands the land,&quot; Moira said quietly. &quot;Sometimes that’s more important than understanding spells.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Before Angelica could respond, another strand of fairy lights flickered and died. The shop's warmth seemed to drain away with their light, leaving behind a hollow silence that even the remaining enchantments couldn't fill.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I should close up,&quot; Angelica said, forcing brightness into her voice. &quot;Got some maintenance spells to run before tomorrow.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">Moira nodded, but hesitated at the door. &quot;Just... consider talking to Brenda? The trails don't lie, and something's definitely changing out there.&quot;</p>
      <p class="subsq">After Moira left, Angelica sank onto her workbench, the weight of the evening settling around her like a heavy blanket. The shop felt too quiet now, the usual magical energy conspicuously absent. She glanced at the rows of lifeless charms and dimming lights, then at the red rocks visible through her window, their ancient faces turned gold by the setting sun.</p>
      <p class="subsq">&quot;I’ll figure it out,&quot; she whispered, though the words felt hollow in the quiet shop. She was a witch, after all. She had to fix this.</p>
      <p class="subsq">But as she stared at Mrs. Alvarez’s moonstone pendant, now as dull as river rocks, a deeper worry took root. What if the problem wasn't just her shop? What if the magic of Sedona itself was fading?</p>
      <p class="subsq">And what if she couldn’t bring it back alone?</p>
      <p class="subsq">Outside, the first stars appeared in the darkening sky, twinkling faintly like the memory of magic.</p>
    </div>
  </div>
</body>
</html>
